Docs for Immersive Intelligence mod (1.12.2) (#503)
CraftTweaker/CraftTweaker-Documentation: docs/1.12/content/Mods/Immersive_Intelligence/CraftTweaker_Support/Electrolyzer.md

::requiredMod[Immersive Intelligence]{builtIn=true modLink=https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/immersive-intelligence}

# Electrolyzer

> The `Electrolyzer` package can be used to add/remove recipes to/from the II Electrolyzer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Electrolyzer` package can be used to modify the Immersive Intelligence Electrolyzer recipes.
```

## Importing the Package

```zenscript
import mods.immersiveintelligence.Electrolyzer;
```

## Adding Recipes

### Parameters

| Type                                           | Name           | Required |
|------------------------------------------------|----------------|----------|
| [ILiquidStack](/Vanilla/Liquids/ILiquidstack/) | Main Input     | Yes      |
| [ILiquidStack](/Vanilla/Liquids/ILiquidstack/) | Compound Input | Yes      |
| int                                            | Mold           | Yes      |
| int                                            | Energy         | Yes      |
| [ILiquidStack](/Vanilla/Liquids/ILiquidstack/) | Time           | No       |

**Note: the first 3 ingredients don't have to be rubber, compound and sulfur.  It is just a slot name, any [IIngredient](/Vanilla/Variable_Types/IIngredient/) is allowed.**

> Latex and Rubber texture are texture path (resource location) strings, f.e. `"immersiveintelligence:textures/blocks/multiblock/Electrolyzer/latex_strip.png"`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Latex and Rubber texture are texture path (resource location) strings, i.e. `"immersiveintelligence:textures/blocks/multiblock/Electrolyzer/latex_strip.png"`.  
```
